ESGInvest

In today’s globally aware environment, investors are more than ever looking to invest in companies that will not only provide great returns, but also positively impact society.  Sustainability is at the core of a successful company, and can be measured using three indicators, Environmental impact, Social relationships, and Governance practices, known as ESG.  ESG is an addition to the typical business indicators like market growth, profits, and investor dividends.  Private companies calculate a company’s ESG score by analyzing public company data about risks such as energy use, pollution, charity, worker conditions, transparent accounting, board members, and politics.  Overall, ESG measures how the company manages these risks.

ESG scores, which might differ among various analyst firms, typically rate companies on a letter grading scale.  At a glance, users can determine if companies that they are interested in are managing ESG risks by looking at the company’s grade, A being the best.  But searching the internet for ESG scores for every company isn’t as easy as it seems.  We aim to provide a solution to thoughtful investors by creating a web application that allows users to keep tabs on their favorite companies and be able to view their ESG scores and stock information.  This will help investors make more sustainable stock picks.  Typically, companies with higher ESG scores are more forward thinking, proactive, and aware of their environment, and will be a better long term investment than a company with a low ESG score.

Our web application, ESGInvest, will be a simple to use, modern, and informative web app that users can trust to provide up to date ESG and stock information.  This tool will be helpful to investors looking to add more stocks to their portfolio and compare companies they invest in to others in the industry.  Users will be able to create their own virtual portfolio and look, at a quick glance, how each company compares to others depending on their ESG score.  Better scoring companies will be shown in green and poorer performing companies will be shown in orange.  Our tool will empower investors to make smart decisions when building their portfolio and investing for the future.

View the User Manual : https://docs.google.com/document/d/14H6ZR-26ameO58V52z3Egpk7aWMxkw9wTn3MSVfngb8/edit?usp=sharing

View the Developer Manual : https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oCLRFPnPx_89CVxR_hIPLqbF2189d6WV9KTAWaVlsMo/edit?usp=sharing

View Project Presentation : https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1aPzoK7nlZCANZ-tMgjpoSeX6eoUuj5jeo4-PShskH5A/edit?usp=sharing
